well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight today we're gonna talk
about the first Republican primary
debates this matter you missed him yeah
most people did but they occurred
between weld and Walsh you didn't hear
about them because the Republican Party
is rigging the election in favor of
crooked Donald Trump shutting down
primaries not promoting the debates you
know normal stuff they're standing by
and as impeachment looms but don't worry
the Senate will never convict what an
odd statement to just be accepted as
fact to just be yeah that's true no
matter what the outcome is no matter
what evidence is presented because it
hasn't been seen yet the Senate will
never convict what does that tell you
this is the problem with trusting your
betters I don't care about you don't
care about truth I don't care about
justice they don't care about law it
never did they care about power and
that's it that's completely evident in
that statement the Senate will never
convict the some of them ever convicted
because they're Republicans and there's
a Republican president so they will
overlook whatever his crimes are as we
argue with our family friends and
co-workers over what American ideals
should be they display corruption on a
party wine level they don't care about
you they never did
they never did
your solution is not in DC it's local
it's your neighbor your friend your
family your coworker it says people who
actually believe what they say rather
than just say it and pursuit of tricking
the commoners so they can maintain power
I'm sure somebody's already stopped are
you saying Democrats wouldn't do that
of course not and there's a lot of
strong men out there no that's not what
I'm saying
I'm saying that this isn't a bug in the
system this is the system in fact that
we don't realize that is why we're in
trouble why are the 99% of Americans in
trouble because when they tell us they
are corrupt when they tell us they don't
care about the law when they tell us
they don't care about justice we don't
believe them oh that's just politics
know that that's corruption that is
corruption on a wide level if that
statement is true and the Republicans in
the Senate will not vote against the
president because he's a part of the
same party none of them are fit to hold
office none of them
this is why we're in trouble because
they tell us they're liars and cheats
and we're so deluded that we still think
they represent us anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day